welcome world of the internet my name is
Rufus k jones and this is my show
Raymond and Raven with Rufus tonight I
have a very special guest with me his
name is Gary lamb nothing me and if you
do not mind Gary if you would like to
come on down right now I like to have a
talk with you and drank new mayors with
you how are you doing some not there
Gary who I yeah good before we do
anything I like to see if you want to
drink a beer together with me yeah I
drink wine why why do you drink wine or
beer is God's gift to man but oh hell
Gary that is a big keg of beer wine so
I'm ready fly okay wait and why you out
here you go sir that's a good bigger was
that good wine Gary oh good so how are
you doing buddy how are we doing today
nervous no nervous it's okay buddy we're
on the Internet well it will just be
showing this to everybody so don't worry
about it okay just you did pick up me
okay Oh Gary did you just pee on
yourself
all the jaws fans okay now pay up hey my
friend Gary just painting his pants and
I apologize Oh Joe oh don't tell well
Gary can I ask you a question question
number one why did you become a tattoo
artist give the rear cover remember the
number look good Murr good good when you
get my number come back no watching guys
taking American bear just get hurt it's
gonna burn little good bear you can burn
oh ok you put came in so you became a
tattoo artist because of gummy bears the
habit boom boom so you became so you
became the tattoo artist because the
happy books at boom boom yo money they
could do happy boo boo
boom boom boom boom Gary this is my show
guys come this my show there yep this is
right and white Raven with Rufus not the
gary Schutt I'm doing the interview
you're bored okay do well you let me ask
them a question please for the last time
yeah okay my fans want to know you have
a tattoo shop in Lancaster South
Carolina time to shop and you're a
beautiful artist which is awesome we
just won't want to know why did you
become a tattoo artist I like to type
them tattoos and come on them / lays
like tell you when they think they do
they stick in you come on tattoos did
you lose Taryn with your tunes ah what
didn't happen woman little bear you have
a run then good bear then go there and a
half muzzle and go bear a balloon and
gum bear yeah boo bear my mother well
this show was a disaster i didn't
apologize that it notes gonna be like
that and I'm sorry next time I'll make
it up to you I will interview my friend
Lucas great but before I go I just want
to let you know about my sweet shirt i
just made if you can see it this is take
that neighbors whoo cuz that's my
favorite line that i like to do I like
to turn my music up loud i like to pump
my fist and say take that
neighbors who so anyway I apologize for
this I thought my friend Gary's gonna be
better than what he was but I don't know
what was the matter with them tonight
but if you like to leave me the comments
or something that'd be fine so as I
always say you keep the beers cold and
you keep the music punk allowed and I
would check y'all later thank y'all very
much